Elon - Inspired me to be actually useful and measure the things I* create by utility. I*'m grateful for your calculated attitude--but also that your attitude is warm, that it optimizes the human condition insofar as possible. I*'m happy you help integrate this into my character.
Bill - I*'ve been more wealth accepting and programming friendly due to your influence. I* just love that fact that you're really rich--that you created something that didn't exist before and recreated the world to something a milion times more fun--giving people a million times more leverage. You've given people tools to become winners, millionaires, cool people, healthy people. The value you've given by enabling a superior diffusion of culture and information far exceeds the billions you currently own. Thank you for being someone who remolds my self-image into someone that does this by being around you.
Ray - I*'ve seen myself as more systematic, more "total process"-oriented as I* align more and more with you. It's so amazing how consistent, value-driven, and reliable McDonald's is, and you helped create something that people enjoy all over the world. It helps people get what they want, all the time. And it's given people who need work an opportunity to move up in the world--at least until Universal Income becmomes true. 
Donald - I* have a true appreciation for "real" knowledge due to your influence. The way you learn a subject so thoroughly, and express it matter-of-factly, in a way that's practical for the world. 
Tony - I* have massive control over myself and the influence I* exert toward others, and it gives me great gratitude that you exist. Your dedication to becoming the best self, to mastering the states, to using the body and mind to it potential--you've helped me understand it in the most applicable-to-the-real-world way. You've also given me the opportunity to maximize my passion, and to give me a sense of life in this world. 
Jim - I* love that you were the source that gave Elon major rocket knowledge. That you helped contribute to a massively useful company, SpaceX. 
Matt - Your unique presentation captured me in a way that will make me forever grateful for all the good things in my life--you presented the truths in Psycho-Cybernetics in a way that helped me more that Max did himself. You've helped activate myself to do things like this mentor exercise. 
Aaron - I appreciate that you're willing to learn. That you're willing to always become the better self, and to hold myself at the highest standard, and keep me there. To remember my best standard, and keep myself to that, is something I enjoy very much. 