New ways to reward my good habits, like:

- Using knowledge leap (spend just as much time reviewing knowns as I* do exploring unknowns)

Play a half hour of Resident Evil for every half hour of KL done in an exploratory manner
Get McDonald's when the Kivy app is done

- Shadowcoding


- Stopping games/etc. so I can get back to work
Add a half hour to the Sunday gaming pool 
Go snowboarding after a week of doing this

...?





Read and implement the Kivy book, cover-to-cover, in a properly-built-wall way taht will be useful to me for a lifetime, in the shortest possible space of time. 

Not doing this means massive, immediate, unbearable pain.
Doing this means massive, immediate, extraordinary pleasure. 

If I* don't do this, what will it cost me massively, immediately, and 




(What don't I* know about creating value)


Courage

Question 1 – What materials are readily
available for conducting experiments on
[knowledge acquirement]?

Websites
Books
YouTube videos
Spreadsheets
Mindmaps
People
Actions

Words
Electrons
Food
Air
Sleep
Emotions

• Question 2 – What action is observed when
studying [knowledge acquirement]?

Flipping through pages
Scrolling of the cursor over text
Clicking of the keyboard (typing)
Talking
Listening
Looking
(Breathing)
(Looking away/RE7/FB)

Typing in new addresses
Inactivity/Evasive behavior like gaming or Facebook
Physiology
(Focus)

• Question 3 – What are all the ways that I
can change the set of materials that would
change the action?

Change the text the cursor goes over
Change the location of the evasive behavior
The location of the information
The order of the information
The style/look of the information

• Question 4 — In what ways can I measure or
describe the response to the change?

The amount of words consumed, while breathing and in a positive state
The time spent on the changed text



How have I* moved measurably closer to my goal
How have I* not moved measurably closer to my goal?
How could I* have moved even more measurably closer to my goal? 
What were CP's in moving measurably closer to my goal?
Now replay the experiences, but with me moving even more measurably closer to my goal. What does it look like? How does it sound? Check my feelings. 